The white tiger novel written by arvind adiga as series of letters to Wen Jiabao, the Chinese premier, from Balram Halwai, who is sun of riksha puller in bhihar. Later him self named as white tiger, who owns a taxi bussiness in banglore, and named it as the white tiger's taxi.

	Story starts as an entrepreneur writing a letter to the Chinese premier,who wants who is visiting india to know the truth about banglore. saying he has something important to tell him.

	Content of the letters starts telling content of poster 

Assistance Sought in Search for Missing Man:

General Public is hereby informed that the man in the picture namely Balram Halwai alias MUNNA son of Vikram Halwai rickshaw-puller is wanted for questioning. Age: Between 25 and 35. Complexion: Blackish. Face: Oval. Height: Five feet four inches estimated. Build: Thin, small.

	Balaram Halwai is the main charector of the novel, born and grew up in laxmigarh in Gaya ditrict. he is called MUNNA, later he is named as balaram by his school teacher.while he was he watches his mother died drowning in the muds of river Ganga. His father always wanted him to study as his mother's wish. One day his fatehr comes to know that balaram is not going to school and gets angray. Later his father dies of TB due to negligance of hospital staff.

	After some days, his brother Kishan get's married he explians the marige as good married they suck the blood of girls side with the name dowry. After a week after marrige they move to Dhanbad to find a along wit his sister-in-law.They find a job in tea shop. He wanted to learn driving. But becuase his granny order them not to give money for his driving classes, he tries to find job in mine,but owners refues him to work in mine becase he too thin. Some how with the acceptance of his granny he learns drving.After learning driving he tries to get a job asking at each rich house in dhanbad but in vain. His brother encouraged him to keep trying one day some one will accept. Finally he get's a job in the house of land lord who is living in dhanbad looking after coal mines, as they need a driver for newly bought car for Ashok. Ashok is younger son who recently returned from america, married a girl who always forced him to go back to america.

	One day ashok wanted see the villaged they lived in. He drives them to village, after reaching the village he goes to visit the his home where he's asked to hand over the money he earned. They tell him that they found a girl to marry him. But he gets angry with proposal says he's not yet ready for marriage. As the time passed the land lord send Ashok stay at delhi to bribe the govt ministers easily.  Balaram finds out the the his background warnd



NOTES:

water buffello, fattest and important family members.
Thought provoking.


